we'll see some showers kind of spring up
along that front moving in from the
south and west all right let's do some
temperatures and as we get into whoa is
this the man himself
you making me nervous how are you going
for the weather temperatures have you
ever done the weather before this will
be a Batman first it's always rather
cool and cloudy in Gotham City isn't it
yeah so maybe Washington feels a little
bit like Gotham City today you want to
try to the weather that's gofal right I
didn't realize we got superheroes every
day alright I'm out of your way good
luck Batman let's see we have
temperatures 70 degrees Stevensville 64
degrees Western Maryland Cumberland
again 64 degrees you get pretty good
Batman Howard's are gonna get today any
idea temperatures should rise to about
73 maybe 74 74 degrees all right storm
force there it is hang on let's have a
warning quite some time I filled out a
little bit ago what do you think Batman
no it's not quite the same no I'm not
wearing hockey pads I'm hoping to join
you and Robin on a little adventure
later today but as my friend Annie says
this Sun will come out tomorrow and will
be a gorgeous Friday and Saturday 3 to 5
before we got to get some showers back
in the forecast today Batman taken away
for Thursday Friday and Saturday
we have Wednesday we just did that
Thursday breezy high of 71 Friday TGIF
mostly sunny and 72 Saturday warming up
to 78 and happy Mother's Day gala burner
coverin 74 degrees on Sunday a few
scratch cat herd showers but it
shouldn't mess up your barbecues all
right I think you got to take my job as
well as I had the road full time
position alright guys that's the
official forecast ever done was a
superhero before